`Shiny Rough Draft`
  
  Shiny is an R package developed for building graphical, interactive, visual web applications. Through interface development around R, the Shiny software package makes it easier for computer operators to build and run web applications on various servers (Seal and Wild, 2018). Visual outputs resemble an easy-to-visit website offering instant feedback from user input in the form of moving sliders or clicking buttons. The code written in the Shiny application framework controls the interface. Within the framework, the Shiny package offers highly interactive tools such as widgets for simplicity of use for application programmers and users. Without needing to adjust the source code, users can interact with the flexible user interface and see the change of inputs immediately reflected in the output. The interactive nature allows users to specify different assumptions, change parameters, run R code, and see the results immediately from their browser, or wherever the application is hosted. 

  Contrasted with traditional presentation methods, R Shiny has various advantages. For example, the R model and Shiny applications update quickly, leverage the power of R's publicly available packages, and make web applications accessible via the browser to those with no programming knowledge. The R programming environment and Shiny make it easy for production tools to perform statistical analysis. For example, the Shiny Web application is handy for building health economic models because they have highly uncertain or unknown parameters and analyze different populations. To list a few other real-world examples, Shiny helps develop and advance evidence syntheses, risk-of-bias assessment figures, biomedical applications, network meta-analysis, the value of information analysis, and more. 

  Using the Shiny application in the classroom, various instructors provided positive feedback on the web application framework in R, making it possible to create a user interface using dynamic methods and rapid analysis. Facilitating the development of new teaching tools, Shiny provides a framework for existing R code to produce dynamic web-based applications. Providing a fluid and dynamic presentations, Shiny provides virtually instantaneous input and output mechanisms and visualizations: adjustments in the app by moving sliders or clicking buttons and corresponding updates to the output plot or model. Allowing unhindered access, Shiny publishes online with a web browser so "students can experiment with the app on their own without having to know anything about" programming or coding (Smith and Schneider, 2020). Preventing long pauses caused by code submission, R works discreetly in the background and interactively with Shiny.

  Using Shiny for a randomized controlled trial and in-class simulation, Jimmy Doi built an in-class simulation enriched with the app's interactive web elements, fluid presentation, and dynamic user experience (Doi, 2016). Unlike the unstable traditional method, Shiny effectively conducts a comprehensive probability sensitivity analysis, which takes less time than the traditional method.
